gh-861 Document GitHub CLI on gitbootcamp.rst (#882)
python/devguide: gitbootcamp.rst

      git push git@github.com:<contributor>/cpython <pr_number>:<branch_name>

5. Optionally, :ref:`delete the PR branch <deleting_branches>`.

GitHub CLI
----------

> GitHub CLI is a CLI (command-line interface) to work with GitHub.

Reviewer: Actually, we don't need to repeat "CLI":

```suggestion
GitHub CLI is a command-line interface to work with GitHub.
```

Author: Addressed

> GitHub CLI is a CLI (command-line interface) to work with GitHub.
> For example, you can create pull requests and releases,
> set alias commands, check PR statuses.

Reviewer 2: This could be simplified further:
```suggestion
`GitHub CLI <https://cli.github.com/>`_ is a command-line
interface that allows you to create, update, and check GitHub
issues and pull requests.
```
This also adds a link and removes releases, since they are not relevant for our workflow.

Author: Addressed

You can install GitHub CLI `by following this installation instructions.
<https://github.com/cli/cli#installation>`_ After installing GitHub CLI,
you need to have your GitHub CLI authenticated::

    gh auth login

Example of useful commands:

* Create a PR::

      gh pr create

* Checkout others PR::

      gh pr checkout <pr-id>

> * Set ``ssh`` at the git protocol::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set ``ssh`` as the Git protocol::
```

      git push git@github.com:<contributor>/cpython <pr_number>:<branch_name>

5. Optionally, :ref:`delete the PR branch <deleting_branches>`.

GitHub CLI
----------

GitHub CLI is a CLI (Command Line Interface) to work with GitHub resources.
You can create new pull request, create new release, set alias command,
check PR status, and etc, using this CLI.

You can install GitHub CLI `by following this installation instructions.

> <https://github.com/cli/cli#installation`__

Reviewer 2: This markup seems broken.

Author: Fixed.

Example of useful commands:

#. Login::

      gh auth login

#. Create a PR::

      gh pr create

#. Checkout others PR::

      gh pr checkout <pr-id>

#. Set ``ssh`` at the git protocol::

      gh config set git_protocol ssh

> #. Set the browser::

Reviewer 2: I think this still creates a numbered list.

You should try to build the docs locally to verify that the output looks ok.
See https://devguide.python.org/docquality/#developer-s-guide-workflow

Author: Thanks for pointing this @ezio-melotti :rocket:

      git push git@github.com:<contributor>/cpython <pr_number>:<branch_name>

5. Optionally, :ref:`delete the PR branch <deleting_branches>`.

GitHub CLI
----------

WIP: short description.

> 

Reviewer 3: It should include the link to the installation instructions.

https://github.com/cli/cli#installation

Author: @Mariatta Added.

Example of useful commands:

1. Login

   .. code-block:: bash

      gh auth login

2. Create a PR

   .. code-block:: bash

      gh pr create

3. Checkout others PR

   .. code-block:: bash

>       gh pr checkout

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be something like
```suggestion
      gh pr checkout <pr-id>
```
?

> 4. Set ssh at the git protocol

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Set ``ssh`` as the git protocol
```

   .. code-block:: bash

      gh config set git_protocol ssh

5. Set the browser

   .. code-block:: bash

>       gh config set browser <$browser-path>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      gh config set browser <browser-path>
```
